docs: refactor "Restore and Backup". Add details on creating an IAM role for cluster backup (#1460)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/06-cluster-management/05-backup-restore/01-add-backup-location.md

  * Client ID
  * Client Secret	

<br /> 	

## Add an Azure Blob Container

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com/).

2. Navigate to the **Project Settings** and click on **Backup Locations** page. 

3. Click on the **Add New Backup Location** button. 

4. Fill out the following input fields. 

	|**Field**|**Value**|
	|---|---|
	|**Location Name**|Name of your choice.|
	|**Location Provider**|Select Azure from the drop-down field. |
	|**Container Name:** | Name of the container created in the Azure storage. |
	| **Storage Name** | Name of the Azure storage resource. |
	| **Stock-Keeping Unit** | Azure storage resource SKU. |
	|**Tenant ID** | Azure tenant ID.|
	| **Subscription ID** | Azure subscription ID where you have created the Azure storage resource.|
	| **Resource Group:** | Azure resource group name. |
	| **Client ID** | Azure client ID of the service principal. |
	| **Client Secret** | Azure client secret for the service principal you created for Palette to assume. |
	

5. Click **Create** to complete the backup location addition.

> 

Reviewer: We are missing the concluding statement.

	- Switch to the AWS console. Use the AWS account that hosts the S3 bucket.
	- Navigate to the IAM service, and select **Roles** from the left **Main Menu**. 
	- Click on the **Create role** button to create a new role. 
	- Use the following configuration while creating the IAM role in the AWS console. 

    |**AWS Console Field**|**Value**|
    |---|---|
    |Trusted entity type| AWS account.|
    |An AWS account|Select the Another AWS account radio button.|
    |AWS Account ID|Use the one displayed in Palette. It is Palette SaaS account ID.|
    |Options|Select the Require external ID checkbox.|
    |External ID|Use the one displayed in Palette. Palette generates the external ID.|
    |Permissions policies| Attach the IAM policy defined above.|
    |Role name|Your choice.|
    |Role description|Your choice.|
    
	- Review the trusted entities and the attached permissions. 
	- Finish creating the IAM role.
	- Copy the IAM role ARN and paste it into Palette.

  </Tabs.TabPane>

	</Tabs>

6. Click on the **Validate** button after providing the IAM user's access key or the IAM role ARN. 

> 7. If the backup cloud account differs from the one where Palette deploys the clusters. In such a scenario, you must also authorize the latter cloud account. You must update the existing trust policy by appending the following permission. The permission below will authorize the AWS account where Palette deploys the clusters to assume the current IAM role. <br /> <br />	

Reviewer: Combining a simple scenario with a more complicated one is a bad idea. I would break this out into another how-to below this one that focuses on multiple-accounts. Otherwise, you increase the reading difficulty for the reader.

		},
		"Action": "sts:AssumeRole"
	}
	```
	If you want to establish a trust relationship with a specific IAM role, say *SpectroCloudRole*, located within the AWS account that hosts your clusters. You can use the `"arn:aws:iam::[YOUR-AWS-ACCOUNT-ID-WHERE-PALETTE-DEPLOYS-THE-CLUSTERS]:role/SpectroCloudRole"` ARN instead. Your final trust policy will become similar to the policy defined below. It has two trust relationships, one for the Palette SaaS account and another for the AWS account that hosts your clusters. <br /> <br />

  ```json
  {
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
      {
        "Effect": "Allow",
        "Principal": {
            "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::[AWS-ACCOUNT-ID-OF-PALETTE-SaaS]:root"
        },
        "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
        "Condition": {
            "StringEquals": {
                "sts:ExternalId": "[YOUR-EXTERNAL-ID]"
            }
        }
      }
      {
        "Effect": "Allow",
        "Principal": {
            "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::[AWS-ACCOUNT-ID-WHERE-PALETTE-DEPLOYS-THE-CLUSTERS]:root"
        },
        "Action": "sts:AssumeRole"
      }
    ]
  }
  ```

> 8. Click **Create** to finish the location creation wizard. 

Reviewer: These two steps did not make sense when I read them. It's not clear what accounts trust policy and IAM entity is being changed. Here is a lil advice, if you are dealing with two similar entities, label one them, you can say account A, and account B. As you explain each accounts IAM entities and trust policies you can say, update account A's trust policy, etc.  But in its current form, this is difficult to follow.

<br /> 

</Tabs.TabPane>

<Tabs.TabPane tab="GCP" key="gcp">

## Prerequisites

> * GCP service account with a `storage admin` role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A service account with the Storage Admin assigned role.
```

> * Pre-created bucket at the GCP object storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An available storage bucket.
```

<br /> 

> ## Add a GCP Bucket as the Backup Location

Reviewer: Let's shorten the titles

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com/).

> 2. Navigate to the **Project Settings** > **Backup Locations** page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to the **Project Settings** and click on **Backup Locations** page. 
```
Write it out help users who may not be familiar with arrows.

> 3. Click on the **Add New Backup Location** button. Palette will open a wizard to configure the new backup location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on the **Add New Backup Location** button. 
```

> 4. Use the following details to configure a backup location in GCP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Fill out the following input fields.
```

	|**Field**|**Value**|
	|---|---|
	|**Location Name**|Name of your choice.|
	|**Location Provider**|Select GCP from the drop-down field. |
	| **Bucket** | The name of the bucket pre-created in the GCP object store.|
	| **JSON Credentials** | Provide the JSON credentials for the external authentication of the GCP storage. Ensure the associated service account has sufficient permissions to perform the required bucket operations. |

5. Click **Create** to finish the backup location creation wizard.

<br /> 	

</Tabs.TabPane>

<Tabs.TabPane tab="MinIO" key="minio">

## Prerequisites

> * S3 bucket with Read/Write Access

Reviewer: What does this mean?

* A unique access key (username) and corresponding secret key (password) from MinIO Console. 

* Service provider certificate (Optional)

<br /> 

## Add a MinIO Bucket as the Backup Location

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com/).

2. Navigate to the **Project Settings** > **Backup Locations** page. 

3. Click on the **Add New Backup Location** button. Palette will open a wizard to configure the new backup location.

4. Use the following details to configure a backup location in MinIO. 

	|**Field**|**Value**|
	|---|---|
	|**Location Name**|Name of your choice.|
	|**Location Provider**|Select MinIO from the drop-down field. |
	|**Certificate**|Required for MinIO.|
	|**S3 Bucket**|S3 bucket name must be pre-created in the MinIO object-store. |
	| **Region** | Region in which Minio server is configured. Example: `us-east-1` |
	|**S3 URL** | URL of the MinIO object storage console. Example: `http://12.123.234.567:0000`|
	|**Force S3 path style** | To force S3 path style addressing or else the URL will be converted to virtual-hosted style addressing with bucket name appended to the URL. This is an optional setting. |

> 5. Next, provide the MiniIO unique **Access Key** and **Secret Key**. You can procure a unique access key and the corresponding secret key from the MinIO console. Ensure that the MinIO user has sufficient permissions to perform the required bucket operations. You can refer to the [MinIO official documentation](https://min.io/docs/minio/kubernetes/upstream/administration/identity-access-management/minio-user-management.html#access-keys) to know more.

Reviewer: This link should also be provided in the prereqs.

> 6. Click **Create** to finish the location creation wizard. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Create** to complete the backup location creation. 
```

<br />	

</Tabs.TabPane>

<Tabs.TabPane tab="Azure" key="azure">

## Prerequisites

* An active Azure cloud account with the following pieces of information noted down:
  * Tenant Id
  * Client Id
  * Subscription Id
  * Client Secret created

* An [Azure storage account](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-account-create?tabs=azure-portal) created with the following information to be noted down for Palette use:
  * Storage Name: Custom name given to the Azure storage created.
  * Stock-keeping unit

* A container to be created in the Azure Storage account

<br /> <br />	

## Add the Backup in Azure Blob

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com/).

> 2. Navigate to the **Project Settings** > **Backup Locations** page. 

Reviewer: Same feedback as earlier

> 3. Click on the **Add New Backup Location** button. Palette will open a wizard to configure the new backup location.

Reviewer: Same feedback as earlier

> 4. Use the following details to configure a backup location in Azure. 

Reviewer: Same feedback as earlier.

	|**Field**|**Value**|
	|---|---|
	|**Location Name**|Name of your choice.|
	|**Location Provider**|Select Azure from the drop-down field. |
	|**Container Name:** | Provide the container created in the Azure Storage. |
	| **Storage Name** | Name of the Azure Storage resource. |
	| **Stock-Keeping Unit** | Get this information from the Azure Storage resource. |
	| **Resource Group:** | Provide the Azure Resource Group name. |
	|**Tenant ID** | Provide the Azure tenant ID.|
	| **Client ID** | Provide the Azure client ID of the service principal. Ensure the service principal has sufficient permissions to perform the required bucket operations. |
	| **Subscription ID** |Provide the Azure subscription ID where you have created the Resource Group and the Azure Storage resource.|
	| **Client Secret** | Provide the Azure client secret for the service principal you created for Palette to assume. |

> 5. Click **Create** to finish the backup location creation wizard.

Reviewer: Same feedback as earlier.

<br /> 

</Tabs.TabPane>

</Tabs>

# Validate

> You can follow the steps outlined below to validate adding a backup location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following the steps outlined below to validate adding a backup location.
```
Be direct. It makes it easier to follow along. "You can" is not direct language.

<br />

> 1. Switch to Palette.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com).
```
What is switch to Palette?

2. Select the desired project scope from the **drop-down Menu** at the top-left corner. 

> 3. Navigate to the **Project Settings** > **Backup Locations** page. Palette will display all backup locations configured for the current project on this page, including the newly added one. This step validates that you have successfully added the backup location. 

Reviewer: Break this step out.

> 4. Optionally, you can click on the **three-dot Menu** against the newly added backup location to edit, delete, or set the location as the default for the current project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We can remove this as it's not needed to validate the creation action.
